# Book notes project
This web application is made to store data of the read books of a user. So the user can always visit their reviews and update what they think about that book.

## How to initialize
First of all, you can clone this repository onto your local machine with the command

```$ git clone https://github.com/brenomarq/book-notes.git```

Then, you need to install all of the npm packages with the command

```$ npm i```

After the last step, you must initialize in two different terminals the files index.js and booknote.api.js with the following command

```$ node index.js``` and ```$ node booknote.api.js```

Now you have complete access to the application and its features.

P.S.: Do not forget to create a local database on your computer following the schema by the repository and substitute the password field with your own.

## About the application

The technologies used for these projects are the following ones:
- EJS for rendering content;
- CSS for styling;
- Express.js for the server connection;
- AXIOS for a better integration with the local API;
- POSTGRES for storing the useful data generated by the user.

What the user can do in this application:
- Create a user;
- Set reviews of a book the user read;
- Edit any existing review on the database;
- Delete any review made by the user.

## About the developer
Hello, my name is Breno and I'm a self taught web developer from Brazil. This project is the forth one of a series of other web projects made to be included in my portfolio. I really love technology and programming, I'm looking forward to improve my coding skills even more in the future.  
